we're live in Somerset getting people's
reactions on B2B marketing what do you
think the SEO means if you had to take
one guess what would you say SEO stand
for S seo
seo I'm not not sure no idea asking the
public what do marketers actually
do uh what would you say a marketer
actually does on a day today that's a
good
question marketing yeah actually do I
think marketing just uh
promote promoter product or equ right
yeah
so I don't actually
know is it kind of like the P pyramid
scheme on Facebook whatever could be try
and Grill people in to buy stuff that's
not necessary I'm not really sure I
think they try and help with the
market um and help with the money maybe
yeah I don't have idea no idea I ask the
public does cold cooling still work no I
don't no hate it and what what makes you
think it doesn't cuz I'm an ex policeman
and cold calling is illegal there we go
appreciate it calling cold calling like
if someone phoned you but you've never
heard from them before and they tried to
sell you something like a cold Co do you
think that works yeah yeah yeah yeah
sometimes yeah it does yeah I think
definitely it does it just depends you
know what it's about whether you can
relate to it or not sometimes it's
something that you're not even thinking
about yeah and then you know they call
Co call you and you're like oh yeah
actually that's that's really useful
um I don't know I don't know what that
is mate if someone does a sales pool to
you completely out the blue no not
interested no no fair
enough sure what's that what's that if
someone phoned you like out of the blue
and tries to sell you something or
booking a appointment with you or book a
demo with you do you think that still
works no no no no I don't really answer
it's not a number I don't know yeah if
it's an unknown number then I just
decline it ah you just don't pick it up
I think it's just change the atmosphere
just cooling and raining is very
difficult yeah asking the public how to
get to the top of
Google I reckon I would share on social
media yeah share my website on social
media CL on social media you guys got
any thoughts I agree yeah I'm
agreeing just going Google and download
it you just download it yeah okay would
you think the same sir I I don't have
any
idea you can just download I don't know
how to use the laptop I
do you need to pick a title that's
trending a word that's trending yeah uh
yeah so so revant hashtag someone who's
trending at the moment Google yeah how
would you get your business Business
website if you run a website if you run
a business how do you think you get to
the top of Google I'm not sure about
that you pay them pay for
it maybe by um getting like everyone
that they low possibly
to help with the website to get it up
with the views but you just do the
algorithm and just yeah pay as much as
you can to try and get pushed up the
list on on that particular front so yeah
so the quality of the item should be
very good and like when someone purchase
it like uh they should be satisfied
paying somebody the same as paying
followers on Instagram or whatever it is
so who are you my name is Sam Dunning
okay so if you search Sam Dunning on
YouTube or Sam Dunning on LinkedIn
you'll see this in in the next if you
had to give someone one tip in business
it's like grow their company would what
would your one Golden Nugget or one
piece of aice
be um oh one Golden
Nugget that you think might
be just go for it you know face the fear
and do it anyway that's what I'd say
that's awesome no